Argentina

these are a bunch of men who enjoy exotic hunting. they get what they want by paying lots of money and they dont integrate with the community they've come to poach.
personal satisfaction comes from comforting their manhoods. group foundation is in homophobia and bathroom humor. centrist avoidance of upsetting the balance of condoned killing and delusions of grandeur
He talks over everyone about the state of the nation and the old days. his opinion formed and confirmed by his own authority is not in discourse with any individual. perceiving data from indirect sources and letting the intuition develop his observations as his own. he'll hear two data points from a conversation and interject with factoids fabricated on the spot just to assert his dominance. but he's friendly. a pleaser. he wants you to know he gets you and has something in his experience that proves he can relate. he wants you to know so badly he doesnt even wait to hear what you actually have to say. 
personal anecdotes about an ambiguous "we" from the nineties
why do they want to kill the things they find beautiful?
whats the sport in slaughtering 400 doves in one location?
desecrations false consecrations conservation justification

the nature of voice
simple human language
short words, simple phrases
go nicely with little sounds
feel each word and mix them together
a single word felt strongly is worth more than lists of technicalities
expression comes from insides
soft places turned outside 
for an outside moment with us

I should be able to imagine it from start to finish
tools to put it down are good but it lives on without if it comes from heart
it can be conjured in a moment

let this moment go on forever
the early morning (not so early)
the morning water cross stream
lines dropped patient sitting

spanish words for feelings
a chemical reduced to base parts
asks me a question but doesn't wait to hear the answer

whenb I w ant to 
when I waant to
when I want to
when i whant to

the shape 
the shape
the shaoe
the shape

of this one
of this one
of this one
of this one

on the branch
on the branch
on the beransnh
in the sky
 in the sky

the birds in the sky

splash the mud touch it there
wet your hair catch a bear
wear its hair show some flair

its a songbook its a songbook
mind your fish hook

dancing their in your hair
with one good looking bear
shes gone there
green marks in a spot
where the touches change a lot
yellow flowers on the bank
vine down simply in the drink
hear the bright ones singing
its late afternoon in the ringing places on the river

dont touch my shoulder right now
i'm buzzing on another plane and can't be reached today

untreated decomposing mental habits
your project, your opinion, your inside thoughts outeward constantly
unasked as much as its undeveloped

if you're going to spend your energy pondering, please have something worthwhile to say when you must and be prepared to listen to a response with the same energy you're externalizing. 
goes for me. to be attentive, observant. to feel and sense fully, I must sit with them patiently until I've fully received the noticings. no need to move on so quickly. 
never to know. I don't know. but I do feel and I will try not to rationalize everything 

not trying to explain myself 
to the birds the birds the birds the birds.
A bird sings! moving flying sound source ( synth )
there's a place I know with a wide open river plain some scrub and this bird. all painted and made up. the surface of the river there is a reflection of the whole world with colors as you want them to be. 
the bird says its an illusion. it flys with me and I make an effort not to rationalize the place and explain my circumstances because I don't know why I'm here. I just am. we can be here together and make musical conversation.
anything I project onto this place is reflected back. the bird's motivations are only what I imagine 

if you love yourself and love when other people love you and love to you is making other people feel your understanding and solidarity an important step in that sequence is truly listening to what the other you're projecting onto is saying before you decide what theyre feeling or needing. 

do you dream in spanish?
only when you write

we're sitting outside in a boat with hooks in the water. that's the whole activity. maybe you catch a fish maybe not. 
when it comes to communication style, faking it until you make it works in some ways but have you tried not speaking until you know you have some thing to say? listen and respond versus miming and emoting until a few intelligible words come out that your captive audience can actually begin to pick up what you're trying to declare. 

A song speaks on it's own. the words just carry the meaning along. write the song and then pick the right words. placeholders work in the conception process. they can be found in many notes or made up on the spot

it's flat
sheets of rain block my back
the cows gathered under a tarp wait for athe coming change in weather
the river is a path for creatures living in their places along it
they move how they do, watching from branches or standing still in the flat fields

theres's this other problem I have where I want the freedom to choose where I live and what I do and to imagine better ways of getting to do those things.
out here in the flats vast river plain, I see how much I waste planning when more happens when it's simple. simple doing beats abstract planning, collecting or thinking.
it's important to stop regularly and take a body break. seeing people, avoiding constant self stimulation. it's really good to get away from my thoughts and let myself do less. 
don't try to do too much

what is a mirror? how are they made? how do reflections happen ( it's an illusion, the image is unique to the observer )

it's been one extended day since we started our stay
creatures I seen dogs cows birds snakes fish horses
southern constellations
spanish gardens
daily migrations

it starts as a movement on its own
people will come back around
do what is right alone
and we will match a tone

this man sits making up stories for himself out loud at other people
makes up spanish words at fishermen
needs to compete but finds that he's having a hard time impressing, teaching or winning conversation
doesn't believe the luck he has comes from anywhere but his indomitable manhood
the champion of whiplash conversation
asking questions and abandoning the thought midway through a response

people are actually more interesting than they seem. if you think they're less, maybe you're just projecting something about yourself. 

getting older sucks. unfinished business continues to persist and gets weirder as things change but doesn't go away.

trips with him have a beginning middle and end
first its dominoes and quick bonding.
then it's a ride through the planned or unplanned itinerary
and at the end we wonder why we're so disjointed and what could possibly be wrong

looking for shoe glue while wearing a broken shoe
what are you really looking for out there 
some action in the streets without a definable mission?
shoe glue. it's broken now but I put it on the list for later

read so I might not enslave the concept
listening not speaking to hear
feel what's outside of me
how to take and not steal? 
feel without groping the vulnerable 
what benefit in declaring perceptions
seek to support and protect from myself if nobody else notbody
just dance and be there. no one asked me to be the expert



